[cxx-interop] Document guarantees and assumptions for non-const C++ s… (#816)
swiftlang/swift-org-website: documentation/cxx-interop/index.md

// `object` will be released here.
```

### Calling conventions when passing shared reference types from Swift to C++
If a C++ shared reference type is passed as an argument to a C++ API from Swift, the Swift compiler guarantees that the passed value would be alive, and retains the ownership of the value. In other words, the argument is passed at `+0` and there is no transfer of ownership. 
The C++ function is responsible for ensuring that the value pointed to by the parameter is alive during and at the end of the call. The C++ function should not assume it has ownership of the value and should do necessary retain operations if it is needs to take ownership.

```swift
var obj = SharedObject.create()
receiveSharedObject(obj) // Swift guarantees that obj is alive
```

```c++
void receiveSharedObject(SharedObject *sobj) {

>   ...
>   // Swift assumes that sobj is valid, non-null object at the end of this function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  sobj->doSomething() // sobj is valid until the end of receiveSharedObject()
```

}
```

Note that if the argument is an inout (non-const reference) as shown below:

> ```c++

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```c++
```

void takeSharedObjectAsInout(SharedObject *& x) { ... }
```

which would be imported in Swift as

> ```swift

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```swift
```

func takeSharedObjectAsInout(_ x: inout SharedObject) { ... }
```

>  the C++ function can overwrite the value of the argument with the new value. However, the C++ function is responsible for releasing the old value, and ensuring that the new value is properly retained so that the Swift caller has ownership of the new value when the function returns. Adhering to these rules is necessary to safely and correctly pass around `SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE` between Swift and C++. These rules are also generally recommended conventions to manage shared objects that use reference counting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The C++ function can overwrite the value of the argument with the new value. However, the C++ function is responsible for releasing the old value, and ensuring that the new value is properly retained so that the Swift caller has ownership of the new value when the function returns. Adhering to these rules is necessary to safely and correctly pass around `SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE` between Swift and C++. These rules are also generally recommended conventions to manage shared objects that use reference counting.
```

// `object` will be released here.
```

> ### Calling conventions when passing Shared Reference Types from Swift to C++

Author: TODO: ### -> ####

Note that functions returning a shared reference type such as `returnSharedObject` transfer the ownership to the caller.
The C++ caller of this function is responsible for releasing the object.

> If a C++ Shared Reference Type is passed as an argument to a C++ API from Swift, the Swift compiler *guarantees* that the passed value would be alive. Also Swift *assumes* that the C++ API is not consuming i.e., it returns with a valid object in the passed reference at the end of the C++ API call.

Reviewer 2: @fahadnayyar  I would like to suggest these changes: 
>f a C++ Shared Reference Type is passed as an argument to a C++ API from Swift, the Swift compiler *guarantees* that the passed value would be alive.

Can we add the following after this sentence. 
... *guarantees* that the passed value would be alive, and retains ownership of the object. In other words, the argument is passed as +0 and there is no transfer of ownership. 

> Also Swift *assumes* that the C++ API is not consuming i.e., it returns with a valid object in the passed reference at the end of the C++ API call.

Can we rephrase this as follows:
The C++ function is responsible for ensuring that the object referred to by the parameter is alive during the call. The C++ function should not assume it has ownership of the object and should do necessary retain operations if it is needs to take ownership. 

If the argument is an *inout* (non-const reference), and if the C++ function overwrites the value with the new value, it is responsible for releasing the old object, and ensuring that the new object is properly retained so that Swift caller has ownership of the new object. Adhering to these rules are necessary to safely and correctly pass SWIFT_SHARED_REFERENCE between Swift and C++.  These rules are also general good practices and conventions to properly manage shared objects that use reference counting.

> If a C++ Shared Reference Type is passed as an argument to a C++ API from Swift, the Swift compiler *guarantees* that the passed value would be alive. Also Swift *assumes* that the C++ API is not consuming i.e., it returns with a valid object in the passed reference at the end of the C++ API call.

Reviewer 3: I have a few comments on the wording and formatting:

1. The rest of this document doesn't capitalize "C++ reference types", I think it's better to be consistent here.
2. I think it's better not to use bold highlighting for `*guarantees*`/`*assumes*`, the rest of the document doesn't use it, and I feel that it attracts too much attention.
3. Minor: the comma `,` usually goes before `i.e.`, could you please swap them?
4. I don't have a strong opinion, but to me "function call" sounds better than "API call", since to me API means a collection of functions, types, etc.

Author: Thanks @egorzhdan . I've made these changes!

```swift
var obj = SharedObject.create()

> receiveSharedObject(obj) // Swift gaurantees that obj is alive

Reviewer 3: Typo: `guarantees`

```

> ```c++

Reviewer 3: Thanks for explicitly specifying the language for code blocks! 👍

Note that functions returning a shared reference type such as `returnSharedObject` transfer the ownership to the caller.
The C++ caller of this function is responsible for releasing the object.

> If a C++ shared reference type is passed as an non-const argument to a C++ API from Swift, the Swift compiler guarantees that the passed value would be alive, and retains the ownership of the value. In other words, the argument is passed as +0 and there is no transfer of ownership. 

Author: We should remove `non-const`.
